# January 11

## Idea:

A Command-Query Responsibility Segregated system that has a command part (which
we call write part), where all the dependency management and logic is executed
and a query part that fetches pre-calculated values resulting from the command
part.

### Write Part

Dependency graph with source data (raw data e.g. from database) as leaves
and lambda-nodes that depends on the source data nodes or other lambda nodes.

The most recent revision on each node is stored.

The nodes are updated reactively such that when the source data is changes
its parents are updated in topological order (topological order idea given
by IBM-article).


### Query Part

It should be possible to fetch the current version of any lambda node.

### Current Challenges

#### How to represent graph?

In code:

Some sort of DSL that declares the dependencies such as with
[Lusmu](https://github.com/akaihola/lusmu).

On app startup:

Declaration is preprocessed into a graph that supports fast lookup of
parent nodes in topological order for any given source node.

#### What is the flow for when a data source is updated?

When a source node is updated, we find all its parent nodes in a topological
order and append them to a processing queue. Workers are pop'ing nodes from
the queue and updating them. There exists a queue for each graph instance.

Some nodes can be updated in parallel, e.g. a and b can be updated in parallel
after c has been updated in the example:

a  b
 \/
 c


Idea: maybe the algorithm that appends processing elements, can group them
by "levels" where each level can be computed in parallel.

## For 2/11 :

#### How do we represent graph instances?

* Cayley
  * https://github.com/google/cayley
  * https://github.com/ziyasal/pyley

#### Algorithm for finding the topological order?
#### How to update dirty/stale nodes?
#### How to identify node for querying?
#### How to ensure correct order of changes?


