# Agenda

## Approach
- Subjects to study?
  - Caching techniques
- Design for solution from scratch and/or design for solution for Peergrade.io.
  - What i think:
    - design for general from scratch solution
    - design and implementation for flexible solution that also fits Peergrade.io

## Structure

- Problem
  - Queries that takes a lot of time to compute - 30 sec? 1 min?
- Requirements
  - Functional?
    - Handle how many writes per minute?
  - Non-functional
    - Efficient with relation to:
      - Performance with relation to to number of updates
        - What happens i env. with a lot of updates/writes?
        - Optimized with relation to how many writes per min?
      - Space
        - Caching storage are often in-memory databases and is therefore not
          too cheap... Should maybe be configurable
    - Fault-tolerant with relation to:
      - Availability
        - What happens if the cached version or caching system is unavailable?
      - Integrity
        - How do we ensure that the most recent computed version is shown?
        - Should we ensure consistency or is it alright with eventual consistency?
- Analysis of problems:
  - What happens when content changes / deployment
  - Fault-tolerance analysis
  - Efficiency analysis
    - Dependency graph
- Existing caching techniques
  - Pull-based caching
    - Fragment caching
    - HTTP caching
    - Russion Doll caching
  - Push based Caching
    - ?
  - Comparison of caching techniques
- Design
  - Suggestion for solution (from existing caching technique or our own solution)
  - Integration with Peergrade.io
  - Effor to make it general (Open Source)
  - Distributed?
- Implementation
  - Challenges?
  - Distributed?

# Problems
- Cirkulære dependencies
- Workers
